Acd 693 (#44)
Actindo-AG/Documentation: Fulfillment/UserInterface/01_DispatchNotes.md

# Dispatch notes

*Fulfillment > Dispatch notes*

> The Fufillment *Dispatch notes* menu entry offers an overview of all dispatch notes processed by the system. It also allows the possibility to check the dispatch note status and the corresponding shipment status, among other things.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The *Dispatch notes* menu entry offers an overview of all dispatch notes processed by the system. It also allows the possibility to check the dispatch note status and the corresponding shipment status, among others.
```
